hello good morning welcome one more day
to the grave odds and ends on this occasion
I'm going to bring you a little kid to
panama is how you know great
defect hard drives in lens format
efe s / a
the format that we usually have then
you will have 16 gb hard disk that we have
had the equipment with windows and others
this time our behavior
what is called tok sera
the program itself is paid but
good if you search the Internet for more
you can find it cracker and such
this one that I'm going to be I think it 's
face that has given a little of all
forms if it is not created are 15 days
try what I have case of needing it
what he would do and so on
the installation of the program itself is very
simple voucher we would give to install
if it tells us that we want it to be
we have downloaded from the internet and they want
your safe site blah blah blah blah blah
blah that if we say yes what
we want to install
will execute the software confirmation
we accept
installs very quickly once
installed has asked us to start the
team
trial version if we had license
we use patched we would have the
file with the serial number hand
the partial and masters and you're
as this does not usually use then you
we would continue
not to ask for the password
the installation is exactly like you
I said we asked as initial
once it is started, there is no need to execute
no program nor do you have to do anything
more simply put will connect
our hard drives in format was of
fs al al pp and we will not be able to
read how to write or modify data
do what we want with the hard drive
as if it were a sx native hard drive
good whose condition and now when what
I start recording again so that
you see that if you want the hard drives I
I just connected my ntfs hard drive
I train the connector base for what
the system is not known
and as we see they have appeared here this is
one and this would be another
they are data from windows voucher of games of
Xbox and so it can do what
want with them
copy images copy videos remove
data all
you can do anything with it with
the hard drive
and as I say this comes very well because that
if we want to spend something some pen that we
have left or some hard drive that we
have left and we do not have the option of
can you format it to put it in
xxv format to a format that is native
of sx because it comes perfect because
we installed a small application worth and
As you can see, he lets us do everything with him
with the hard drive and nothing this is all the
download link of the program I'll put
I'll put the information box
although downloaded from the page
official and as we 've already seen it has
15 day trial if you want it the
patch to see if I find it and in
the case that finds it patched os
I will also put in the box
information the link where you will put
patched is worth so that you can
download and you can use it without the
time limit and nothing because this is
all thanks for watching me and see you the
next video chao